feat: :sparkles: guide on tasks to do during iteration (#33)
seedcase-project/guidebook: iterations/during.qmd

# During an iteration

During an iteration, there is a variety of tasks related to the
management and completion of the iteration that everyone on the team can
or should do. This document describes what those might be and how to do
them.

## Task priority order

> After the iteration planning meeting, you as the team lead need to set a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the iteration planning meeting, the team lead needs to set a
```

priority for each issue in the iteration. The priority is determined by
how important or urgent the task is to the iteration aim. Keep the
distribution of priorities as even as possible. If all items are high

> priority, then no item is high priority. And that isn't helpful for the
> team to know what to work on next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
priority, then no item is high priority. And that won't guide the
team to know what to work on next.
```

for brainstorming things, coming to a consensus or agreement on a
decision, or for briefly updating others on progress. So as much as
possible, limit the amount and time spent on meetings, using them only
what they are most effective for. Here are some guidelines for having
meetings during the iteration:

-   Have brief but regular [update meetings](/meetings/updates.qmd) to
    discuss progress, next steps, and any struggles or barriers (with
    the work or the iteration/process), as well as to potentially
    present a demo of the progress made within the iteration.
-   Schedule multi-person impromptu meetings as necessary and as
    relevant for a given task or issue, for instance a [code review
    meeting](/meetings/code-reviews.qmd) or a [discussion
    meeting](/meetings/discussions.qmd).
-   Plan meetings on knowledge sharing or for code reviewing when, for
    instance, a new and more technically complicated feature is added or
    a new tool is used in a pull request. For the author of the pull
    request, they will need to do a bit of preparation beforehand for
    the meeting so that it runs smoothly and is an effective use of

>     time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    time.
    - Be mindful that not all team members are automatically relevant for all meetings. Think about who might benefit/contribute before sending an invitation to the entire team.
```
